applications: nrf_desktop: Improve DFU over SMP documentation (#11240)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: applications/nrf_desktop/README.rst

Apart from the GATT Services, an nRF Desktop peripheral device must enable and configure the following application modules:

* :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_adv` - Controls the Bluetooth advertising.

> * :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_latency` - Keeps the connection latency low when the :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` is being used or when an update image is being received either by the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_latency` - Keeps the connection latency low when the :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` is being used or when either the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` receive an update image.
```

    You can use the MCUboot for the background DFU through the :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` and :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.
    The MCUboot can also be used for the background DFU over Simple Management Protocol (SMP).
    The SMP can be used to transfer the new firmware image in the background, for example, from an Android device.
    In that case, either the :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` or :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` is used to handle the image transfer.
    The :ref:`nrf_desktop_ble_smp` relies on a generic module implemented in the Common Application Framework (CAF).

>     The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` uses an application-specific implementation that allows to synchronize a secondary image slot access with the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu`.

Reviewer 2: Consider mentioning the DFU lock utility:

```suggestion
    The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_mcumgr` uses an application-specific implementation that allows to synchronize a secondary image slot access with the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` using the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu_lock`.
```
